{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 ADAPTIVE AUTO LAYOUT - Auto Layout 1\

\fs24 [ Week 3, Fundamentals II]\
\
What is auto layout and why do iOS developers use it?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> Auto layout is a constraint-based system, or a series of APIs, that determine how your application/views look on different sizes of devices. It offers a flexible, declarative system that allows user interfaces to adapt - across platforms, orientations, and device geometry. iOS developers use it so that their app can function and look good from a design standpoint across all devices and orientations that Apple has.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
What is a constraint? What are compression resistance and content hugging constraints?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> A constraint is a relationship between 2 views. It defines the relationship between views as the UI resizes for different devices and orientation. 
\b Compression resistance
\b0  constraints decide how strongly a view wants to preserve its intrinsic content. It keeps things from being clipped by pushing out. 
\b Content hugging
\b0  constraints resist extra space on things by applying pressure from the outside pulling in.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
What role does priority play? When do you adjust priority?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> All constraints have priorities and these are things that tell auto layout how important a rule is. 1000 means the rule is the very top priority, and 1 means it is the least priority. These numbers relate to compression resistance and content hugging constraints.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
When should you use stack views? What advantages do stack views offer?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> You should use stack views as much as possible when you want views to move around together. A stack view is advantageous because it constrains its subviews in a linear fashion. So instead of having to constrain every single view in your storyboard scene, you can let stack views do the majority of the work for you. 
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
How does text auto shrink work and what are its advantages and disadvantages?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> Autoshrink determines whether the label adjusts the appearance of the text before resorting to truncating it.}