{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. What is auto layout and why do iOS developers use it?\
\
\cb1 It is a constraint based layout system. It allows developers to create UI that responds appropriately to changes in screen size and device orientation.\
\
\cb3 2. What is a constraint? Are compression resistance and content hugging constraints?\
\
Constraints are setting the relationship between two user interface objects in a layout based system.\
\
Compression resistance ensures that an object is not being squeezed or shrunk and the contents are not be truncated.\
\
Hugging constraints allows a view to resist growing larger than its intrinsic content size. It fights against having too much space around item.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 3. What role does priority play? When do you adjust priority?\cb1 \
\cb3 Priorities for you to modify which ones you want to have more importance. You adjust the priority when you want a button to have more priority than a label or any other object that may have the same priority and cause constraint issues.\
\
4. When should you use stack views? What advantages do stack views offer?\cb1 \
\cb3 In lecture she said stack views should be used like 90% of the time hahahaha. The advantages are that it makes it easier to make adjustments to the elements as a whole vs having to do constraints on each individual item.\
\
5. How does text autoshrink work and what are its advantages and disadvantages?\cb1 \
Autoshrink determines whether the label adjusts the appearance of the text before resorting to truncation. \
\
Advantages it allows you to set minimum font size or minimum font scale\
\
Disadvantages looks weird on bigger devices. Only seems like it is useful on small devices.\
\
}