{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25880\viewh19040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\li732\fi-733\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 1.	What is auto layout and why do iOS developers use it?
\b0 \
\
	Auto layout dynamically calculates the size and position of all the views in your view hierarchy, based on constraints placed on those views. Having a constraint-based design allows the developer to build user interfaces that respond dynamically to both internal and external changes such as rotating an iOS device (an external change) or when the content displayed by the app changes (an internal change). \
	\

\b 2.	What is a constraint? Are compression resistance and content hugging constraints?\

\b0 \
	A constraint is a rule in Auto Layout that defines how views should be laid out or sized. Compression resistance and content hugging are priorities\'97they come into play if two different constraints conflict, and if a conflict does exist, the system gives precedence to the one with the higher priority.\
	\

\b 3.	What role does priority play? When do you adjust priority?\

\b0 \
	Adjusting priority helps prevent conflicts. 
\i Content hugging priority
\i0  is adjusted when the developer doesn\'92t want the view to expand to be larger than its content.\
\
	
\i Content compression resistance authority
\i0  is adjusted when the developer doesn\'92t want the view to be smaller than its intrinsic size\'97when a higher value is set, the view shouldn\'92t shrink to be smaller than the intrinsic content size. The higher the priority, the more resistance to being shrunk.\
	\

\b 4.	When should you use stack views? What advantages do stack views offer?\

\b0 \
	Stack views are useful because they provide an easy way to lay out a series of views horizontally or vertically. Views can automatically adjust themselves to the available space by using properties such as alignment, distribution, and spacing.\
	\

\b 5.	How does text autoshrink work and what are its advantages and disadvantages?\

\b0 \
	Autoshrink determines whether a label adjusts the appearance of the text before resorting to making it shorter, thus hiding some of the label\'92s text. It allows the font to automatically scale depending on the size and orientation of the storyboard on which is appears. It also allows a developer to set the Minimum Font Size or Minimum Font Scale.	\
}